readme.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://laravel.com/assets/img/components/logo-laravel.svg"></p>


## What is the Vue js and Vue js Components and what is the use of it ?

    Vue.js is an open source framework for building client-side applications. Vue js mainly used for single page user interface application.

    Components are important features for that creates custom elements, which can be reused in html. Here, we can see two type of components,

    - Draggable Component
    - Countdown Timer Component


- **First We can update composer using command:**

	composer update

    Above command will update laravel package and install vendor folder.


- **We can install vue js by command:**

	npm install

    Above command will install npm package in your project folder for vue js.


- **Create .env file:**

    Then create your .env file.


 - **Generate key using below command:**

    php artisan key:generate


- **Run below command for run npm package:**

    npm run dev


- **Run below command for start project:**

    php artisan serve


[You can check full detail about it. you can open our blog](https://www.logisticinfotech.com/blog/laravel-vue-js-draggable-component/).

Commit message:

change for package json and read me file

readme.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://laravel.com/assets/img/components/logo-laravel.svg"></p>


## What is the Vue js and Vue js Components and what is the use of it ?

    Vue.js is an open source framework for building client-side applications. Vue js mainly used for single page user interface application.

    Components are important features for that creates custom elements, which can be reused in html. Here, we can see two type of components,

    - Draggable Component
    - Countdown Timer Component


- **Draggable Component**

	Draggable component is used for drag any component and move from one place to other place in screen.

    To make component draggable need to install draggable library run the below command in project command prompt

    npm install vue-drag-it-dude --save


- **Countdown Timer Component**

	It is used for display timer counter. Using of this timer  we can manage time based condition or functionality like we can used timer counter for timer based quiz.

    To display timer component need to install countdown timer library run the below command in project command prompt

    npm i vuejs-countdown-timer -S


- **Conclusion**

    Component is contained unit of code that represents logical block of your application. So, basically Draggable and Time countdown components are easy to use and easy to customize the options.


[You can check full detail about it. you can open our blog](https://www.logisticinfotech.com/blog/laravel-vue-js-draggable-component/).
